docs: network metrics (#155)
tarantool/metrics: doc/monitoring/metrics_reference.rst

* ``tnt_space_count`` - the total tuples count for vinyl.
  This metric always has labels - ``{name="test", engine="vinyl"}``. ``name`` - the name of the space.
  ``engine`` - is the engine of the space.

.. _network:

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Network
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Network activity stats. This can be used to monitor network load, usage peaks and traffic drops.

> 
> Each group of metrics contains ``rps`` metric which is a moving average of ``total`` for the last 5 seconds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 
> Each group of metrics also contains ``rps`` metric that present average value of ``total`` for the last 5 seconds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Each group of metrics also contains ``rps`` metric that present average value of ``total`` for the last 5 seconds.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Each group of metrics contains ``rps`` metric which is a moving average of ``total`` for the last 5 seconds.
```

Sent bytes:

> * ``tnt_net_sent_total`` - bytes sent from this instance over network since instance start

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* ``tnt_net_sent_total`` - bytes sent from this instance over network since start
```

Received bytes:

> * ``tnt_net_received_total`` - bytes this instance has received since instance start

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* ``tnt_net_received_total`` - bytes this instance has received since start
```

Connections:

> * ``tnt_net_connections_total`` - number of incoming network connections since instance start

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* ``tnt_net_connections_total`` - number of incoming network connections since start
```

* ``tnt_net_connections_current`` - number of active network connections

Requests:

> * ``tnt_net_requests_total`` - number of network requests this instance has handled since instance start

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* ``tnt_net_requests_total`` - number of network requests this instance has handled since start
```

> * ``tnt_net_requests_current`` - number of pending network requests

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* ``tnt_net_requests_current`` - amount of pending network requests
```

* ``tnt_space_count`` - the total tuples count for vinyl.
  This metric always has labels - ``{name="test", engine="vinyl"}``. ``name`` - the name of the space.
  ``engine`` - is the engine of the space.

.. _network:

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Network
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Network activity stats. This can be used to monitor the load on network, usage peaks and traffic drops.

Sent bytes:

* ``tnt_net_sent_total`` - bytes sent from this instance over network since instance start

> * ``tnt_net_sent_rps`` - average number of bytes sent per second in the last 5 seconds

Reviewer: I suggest not documenting _rps metrics. it lacks clarity and could be easily derived from _total
